Fix and improve view-transition-class page (#43836)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/view-transition-class/index.md

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Styling a shared class across multiple elements

In this example, three cards each have a unique {{cssxref("view-transition-name")}} (required for pairing old and new states), but they all share the same `view-transition-class`. This lets you write a single rule that styles all their transitions at once, rather than repeating styles for each name individually. Unlike `view-transition-name`, a `view-transition-class` does not need to be unique.

```html
<div class="card" id="card1">Card 1</div>
<div class="card" id="card2">Card 2</div>
<div class="card" id="card3">Card 3</div>
```

```css
/* Each element must have a unique view-transition-name */
#card1 {
  view-transition-name: card-1;
}
#card2 {
  view-transition-name: card-2;
}
#card3 {
  view-transition-name: card-3;
}

/* But they can all share the same view-transition-class */
.card {
  view-transition-class: card;
}

/* This single rule applies to all three cards' transitions */
::view-transition-group(*.card) {
  animation-duration: 0.5s;
  animation-timing-function: ease-in-out;
}
```

### Using multiple classes on a single element

A `view-transition-class` value can be a space-separated list of identifiers, letting you compose several "atomic" styles on the same element and target each one independently from your view transition pseudo-elements. In this example, both cards share the same two classes — `slide` controls the animation, and `fast-transition` controls its duration — while each card still has its own unique {{cssxref("view-transition-name")}}.

```html
<div class="card" id="card1">Card 1</div>
<div class="card" id="card2">Card 2</div>
```

```css
.card {
  view-transition-class: slide fast-transition;
}

.card#card1 {
  view-transition-name: card1;
}

.card#card2 {
  view-transition-name: card2;
}

/* The `slide` class drives which animation runs... */
::view-transition-new(.slide) {
  animation-name: slide-in;
}
::view-transition-old(.slide) {
  animation-name: slide-out;
}

/* ...while the `fast-transition` class drives how long it runs. */
::view-transition-group(.fast-transition) {
  animation-duration: 0.5s;
}
```
````

Author: Great addition,  I agree with you on going the extra mile!

Unless I'm mistaken in the **Using multiple classes on a single element** section example you only use one class on several elements.

Here is what I have in mind to better exemplify this section with different "atomic" styles (animation-name/animation-duration) that you might want to apply separately across a codebase:
```html
<div class="card" id="card1">Card 1</div>
<div class="card" id="card2">Card 2</div>
```
```css
.card {
  view-transition-class: slide fast-transition;
}

.card#card1 {
  view-transition-name: card1;
}

.card#card2 {
  view-transition-name: card2;
}

::view-transition-new(.slide) {
  animation-name: slide-in;
}

::view-transition-old(.slide) {
  animation-name: slide-out;
}

::view-transition-group(.fast-transition) {
  animation-duration: .5s;
}
```

What do you think ?

Author: @pepelsbey just to make sure this doesn't get forgotten :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer: @TGianella thanks! I updated my suggestion. What do you think?

Author: Great, I included your suggestion with minor fixes so this should be in a good state for a last review!

### Values

- {{cssxref("custom-ident")}}

>   - : An identifying name that allows the element to be selected by view transition pseudo-elements in order to apply styles during the transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An identifying name used to select view transition pseudo-elements for styling. Unlike `view-transition-name`, a class does not need to be unique and does not cause the element to participate in a separate view transition group.
```

I would not only remove the factual mistake but double down on the fact.
